You dare to point fingers at me
Enough, little Wuji
The identities between you and Wang Shao are very different
The power of the emperor is far beyond your imagination
Mr. Sun asked you to apologize and said to leave you a way out
You are so ignorant
Leave me a way out
Just rely on him, don't talk about him
Even if all the people at the scene add up
It's impossible to make me bow my head
Crown
Today here are the top presences in Beihai Province
Everyone is high above the cloud
It's the dog you've never been able to reach in your life.
And here you are.
But I really don't know how to live or die
I think the following are guilty of them
Xiaowuji
Today is the matter of the Zhao family
I didn't want to make a scene.
There are some things that would offend the Zhao family
I wish Kuang Ye humiliated me and said nonsense
It is the ownership of the North Sea that goes to nothing
If you don't punish it today
If this gets out
Everyone here is afraid of being ridiculed by the world
That's right, this person's identity is humble
Love is dirty
If you don't go out, there will be trouble
That's right, Xiao Wuji despises me so much today
Never give up and leave
What are you doing?
Xiao Wuji is the man I, Zhang Niyu, want to marry
Who wants to touch him?
First ask me if the Zhang family agrees
Your Zhang family really wants to pay for this shameless pen
Are all the powerful in the North Sea enemies?
Xiaoyu don't worry
I'm going to be okay.
These so-called elites of the North Sea
Top Home Saiwu Tian
However, Qiao Zixi, general manager of Longjiutian Group
Congratulations to the Zhao family on their birthday